sent a humanitarian Convoy to Gaza it's
on the way to the Rafa border crossing
carrying food water blankets as well as
coffins countries have been sending
humanitarian aid for Gaza but Egypt has
been waiting for the possibility to
deliver it safely inside thousands of
Palestinians are also heading for gaza's
border with Egypt alzer's Hisham zot has
the latest from the Rafa Crossing where
people are waiting for that border to
open
we are here at the Rafa Crossing where
dozens hundreds of Palestinians who have
different citizenships are gathering at
the request of their embassies they've
been told the crossing will open from
12:00 noon to 5:00 p.m. but the crossing
is still closed and there's no sign it
will open soon people here are making
phone calls and sending messages but
none have received any positive
responses I'm a US citizen my country
told me to come here we went through
hell coming through here uh it's like
it's like a war zone going from the
middle of Gaza all the way to the to the
border of Gaza and now we're going home
you know empty-handed we don't know
what's going on why we were told to come
and when are we going to get out of here
it's hopeless my message is to secretary
blinkin if if we were Israelis would
this happen to us isra American Israelis
already left and they leave every day
Palestinian Americans cannot leave and
other all other
citizenships like 10 different
citizenships around here they all have
women children uh old people they just
can't keep going going through the
danger
zone all the way from the the city all
the way to the Border we we actually
standing here don't know what's going to
happen
one single shell could kill everybody
standing here my other message is to to
President Biden we are people we are
people we bleed our blood is red not
black not purple we bleed just like they
bleed and I ask him if one of your kids
in your family did something bad they
think it's right would you punish the
whole family or would you punish that
one single kid you're doing is is is
like punishing Palestinians for living
in Palestine period and thank
you officials here say that the Crossing
from this side is open but they're
waiting for a response from Egyptian
officials on the other side the Egyptian
authorities have built what looks like a
concrete wall on their side this will
take some time probably a few days to
remove before the problems here can be
sorted out
slad on aljazera warnings of a widening
conflict cross border violence